# Members of unsignedBigInteger class:
All the internal members of the class are *private*, and they are as follows:
- ## binaryContents
  This is the main and most important member in the class. It is a vector of 64-bit unsigned integer (*unsigned long long* in C++),
  which is used to store the big integer in its binary form. Each element contains a 64-bit part of the number represented by this class,
  starting from 0 at the least significant part. 
  All arithmetic, comparison, bitwise and shifting functions affect the contents of this vector.

  **Note:** Some of the details in this Documentation assume that each element in this vector is an 8-bit integer for illustration the ideas,
  and to make examples easier to follow.
  
- ## decimalContents
  This member is only used when converting the actual number stored in binary to decimal format (to be printed for example).
  It is a vector of unsigned integer where each element contains a 9-digit part of the number starting from 0 at the least significant part.

- ## MAX_SIZE
  This member is an unsigned integer to limit the size of [binaryContents](#binarycontents).
  It is initialized to 32768 such that the size of binaryContents to be around 256 KB.
  *Currently, there is no operation or function to change this element.*

- ## Reserved Members:
  These members are reserved for future purposes:
    - ### isConvertedToDecimal: 
      which is a boolean variable to check whether the number is converted to decimal and stored in [decimalContents](#decimalContents) in its last updated value.
    - ### alwaysConvertToDecimal:
      which is a boolean variable to keep the values of [decimalContents](#decimalContents) updated in decimal as last updated value of [binaryContents](#binarycontents).
