# Constructors and Destructor
The Destructor and all Constructors of the class are *public*.

This class has one destructor **~unsignedBigInteger()** which destructs its members.

The class can be constructed in these ways:

- ## unsignedBigInteger()
  This constructor does not takes in an input. It will create a new **unsignedBigInteger** with the value of 0. This will be done in **O(1)**.

- ## unsignedBigInteger(const unsignedBigInteger& other)
  This constructor takes another **unsignedBigInteger** variable by reference as an input. It will copy the contents of **other** to the new constructed variable.
  This will be done in **O(N)**, where **N** is the length of the [binaryContents](/Documentation/1.%20Members.md#binarycontents) of **other**. (complexity of copying a vector)

- ## unsignedBigInteger(unsigned long long other)
  This constructor takes an unsigned 64-bit integer as an input. It will create a new variable with initialized with the value of **other**. This will be done in **O(1)**.

- ## unsignedBigInteger(std::string str, unsigned int base = 10)
  This constructor takes a string and an unsigned integer as inputs. It will create a new variable initialized with the numeric value of the string **str** in the base **(base)**.
  This function is only supported to bases 10 (decimal - default value) and 16 (hexadecimal). In case of wrong entry, it will initialize by 0. 
  Wrong entries include wrong value of **str** in **base**, or wrong bases other than the supported ones.
  This will be done in separate functions, either `ConvertFromStringDecimal` when **base** equals 10, or `ConvertFromStringHex` when **base** equals 16.
