# Arithmetic Operators and Functions
This file contains details about all the Arithmetic operators and functions. All of them affect the [binaryContents](/Documentation/1.%20Members.md#binarycontents) member as it holds the actual value.
All these operators and functions are *public*, and they are divide as follows:

- ## Binary Operators:
  This means that the operator takes two inputs (including [*this]).
  All these operators have two overloads, the first one with the input is another **unsignedBigInteger** called by reference,
  while the second with the input as unsigned 64-bit integer. There are in total 10 operators, 5 with and 5 without the assignment.
  The functions with assignment return **unsignedBigInteger** by reference, while the others without referncing.

  - ### Addition (operator+):
    The first overload will add two **unsignedBigInteger** variables and store the result in a third one which will be returned.
    It adds the elements of [binaryContents](/Documentation/1.%20Members.md#binarycontents) from both of inputs starting from the least significant part,
    and add the carry by the previous addition. 
    The carry of each step is present if the result's part after that step is smaller than either part of the two inputs,
    because this clearly indicates that an overflow has occurred which is considered as a carry.
    An exception is when both parts were at the maximum value of 64-bit and the previous carry is present.
    For example (in 8-bit integers), if both parts of the two inputs were 0xFF and the carry were present,
    the result of this addition should be (0x1FF), which will overflow to (0xFF).
    Now the this part of the result will fail to detect the overflow in this addition step, and hence, this exception has its own check.
    Lastly, an element of value 1 is appended at the end of result's [binaryContents](/Documentation/1.%20Members.md#binarycontents)
    if the last addition step resulted in a carry.
    
  - ### Subtraction (operator-):
    
  - ### Muliplying (operator*):
    
  - ### Integer Division (operator/) and Modulus (operator%):
    These two operations are done in a single function [Divide](#divide-by-unsignedbiginteger-function) and both operations are explained there. 
    
  - ### Addition Assignment (operator+=):
    
  - ### Subtraction Assignment (operator-=):
    
  - ### Muliplying Assignment (operator*=):
    
  - ### Integer Division Assignment (operator/=) and Modulus Assignment (operator%=):
    These two operations are done in a single function [Divide](#divide-by-unsignedbiginteger-function) and both operations are explained there. 

- ## Unary Operators:
  This means that the operator takes only one input [*this].
  These operators can only be used as pre-operators.
  There are only 2 unary operators which are:
  - ### operator++:
    Which increment the value by 1. (pre-increment opertor)
  - ### operator--:
    Which decrement the value by 1. (pre-decrement opertor)

- ## Arithmetic Functions:
  Some of these functions are necessary to the operators above, and some are extra. These functions are as follows:
  - ### Divide by unsignedBigInteger Function:
    Which is defined as `friend bool Divide(unsignedBigInteger& dividend, unsignedBigInteger& divisor, unsignedBigInteger& quotient, unsignedBigInteger& remainder)`.
    It returns *(the returned bool value)* whether the division operation was successful.
    It will calculate both the integer division result (**quotient**) and the residual/modulus (**remainder**), so logically, these will be the outputs of the function,
    while the inputs will be the **dividend** (numerator) and **divisor** (denominator). Notice that all of these "inputs" are called **by reference**.
    However, only the last two variables will be updated in the function.
    
  - ### Divide by 32-bit unsigned integer Function:
    Which is defined as `friend bool Divide(unsignedBigInteger& dividend, unsigned int& divisor, unsignedBigInteger& quotient, unsigned int& remainder)`.
    It returns *(the returned bool value)* whether the division operation was successful.
